Credits & marketing campaigns (#159)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/credits/index.md

When credits are acquired, or won (by participating to a game jam, unlocking an achievement or other specific actions in the community), they are tied to your GDevelop account. Your account serves as a centralized hub for managing and tracking your credit balance.

![GDevelop Credits](/gdevelop5/credits/credits.png)

![GDevelop Credits Packages](/gdevelop5/credits/credits-packages.png)

## Current Features

### Marketing (Promotion) Package

Credits can be utilized to purchase a **Marketing Package** for your game. These packages include:

- Increased Visibility on gd.games: Boost the visibility of your game on GDevelop's game platform, reaching a wider audience of dozens of thousands of players.
- Social Network Boost: Leverage social media promotion made by GDevelop to enhance your game's online presence.
- Dedicated Banner on the app: Show a dedicated promotional banner within the GDevelop app, attracting the attention from hundreds of thousands of players.

You can learn more about the [Marketing and Promotional Packages here](/gdevelop5/publishing/marketing/).

## Future Access Unlocked with Credits

> As the GDevelop ecosystem continues to evolve, you can expect additional features to be accessible using credits. Some of these future features include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the GDevelop ecosystem continues to evolve, you can expect to use onlines services to be accessible using credits on a model paid as for your needs.. Some of these future features include:
```

Reviewer: "additional features" is true, but on marketing side it look like we could put an engine feature like the 3D or whatever behind this credit system, which isn't true. 
The features are more access to more online services. Terms are important I guess in this communication.

---
title: GDevelop Credits
---

# GDevelop Credits

The GDevelop Credits System is an in-app currency that enhances your experience across the GDevelop game engine, by giving access to premium features and services.
Credits can be purchased and utilized on any platform, whether on the web, desktop, or mobile devices.

When credits are acquired, they are closely tied to your GDevelop account, ensuring a seamless and secure transaction experience. Your account serves as a centralized hub for managing and tracking your credit balance.

![GDevelop Credits](/gdevelop5/credits/credits.png)

![GDevelop Credits Packages](/gdevelop5/credits/credits-packages.png)

## Current Features

### Marketing Package

> Credits can be utilized to purchase a Marketing Package for your game. These packages include:

Reviewer: ```
Credits can be utilized to purchase a Marketing Package for your game. These packages include:
```
You mention a **Marketing package**, but you wrote "These package**s**" at plurial.
There is one or more packages for the Marketing?
